so like I said mighty the thinny I grew
up here in LA uh I got out for six years
and then I ran out of money and I had no
job so I'm back on my parents you're the
river there are wonderful very generous
very supportive people and I know that
nothing in here tonight will jeopardize
million situation so it was really tough
about moving with your parents in bel
air and you know have to worry that the
maid but my dash feels like um Rosalia
have you seen my little green bag yeah
then you better keep it on all Saigon
high school I grew me this little Jewish
bubble which is this native the rift
shoes I went nice boy didn't do drugs
they did but they were cooling out fat
with the blue they are trying to lose
the weight right losing weight is like
an uphill battle it's really tough um
it's especially difficult when you work
for a Jewish organization like I do and
they're constantly feeding you do you
like to feed our people um it's always
like you know everybody it's Monday
let's start the week off right with some
cake couple pounds i think that path
busy you're trying to lose weight let's
do i get in the way am i having a good
time so no I still got my friends you
know she get the blood flow but when
Charlie week argh about being a big girl
when you go out you know to a bar that
spite the fact that you take up the most
space you're totally invisible bartender
can I get the drink I asked for I gave
you your drink no no you made my drink
you gave it to a Barbie in the bar
Thanks ah will be really easy for me
will make life a lot easier for me as a
large girl who is single in Los Angeles
single yeah you got that okay um will
make them life a lot easier for you a
single be knowing where you fall on that
scale you know once the tenth gun what
you call it the hotness scale whatever
what might be seen easier is it outside
the bar they had a sign that could tell
you how hot you are you know if you like
one of those pedometers on the freeway
that tells you how fast
depending on your number it would change
you know that would dictate your
entrance into the bar you know twos
threes and fours you get to go in the
back five six and seven you go in
through a rotating door can keep it gun
you know Karen I'm front of purity eight
or nine you get a red carpet entrance
and if you're a 10 the music stuff your
name is now and you're carrying ah by
the one wife i know i love did you work
for a while so I went out to bars you
know I did okay no once in a while here
now they barge boys right and if by some
chance you do me a guide bar and you
decide to each other the light day you
made two major issues the first issue is
which you to take out the date because
when you were at the party were dressed
to kill and it was all out there on the
table you have to design which you'd
introduce internet you know so you could
be already like my grandma beach haha or
you could be intellectual you wear
glasses and talk politics hundred for
you could be naughty you who had with
some jeans Fairchild but once you
decided which you to take out do not
have to worry that you haven't chosen
the wrong you Finn Jake you know what
happened if you come to like that you
know Cindy it was so nice to meet you
how funny running into you and our Joshu
here tonight yes it was nice meeting you
mrs. died I just wish your little joshy
it's only for eating at a country club I
wouldn't want my ashes chapped
after your action being love handles for
like three weeks you know desperation is
pathetic no possibility so when
desperation that then you start doing
things that you might not have expected
you do you resort to think if you will
and one of those things after your
friends forcing your friend to set you
up honey yeah well Willie mari about
having your friends and when did you
start to learn what they really think of
you hostile sarcastic Oh braces at first
cheeky sounds wonderful that's what I
told me